April E: I can hear you.
Richelle Direny: Can you hear me.
April E: Yeah, I can hear you.
Richelle Direny: One moment.
Richelle Direny: me one moment.
April E: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Are you seem to be frozen on the screen.
April E: You know,
April E: He was
Richelle Direny: Frozen.
April E: Me. Yeah, you're not frozen, but they have you take out my head says because they were they couldn't hear me so I took them out but
Richelle Direny: They turned me
April E: There's your phone me charging at 9%
Richelle Direny: Okay, so then maybe just the Wi Fi is what's low
April E: Maybe I should click off my video and put these in, and you might be able to hear me, but you can't see my expression on my face.
Richelle Direny: I mean, I could hear you fine. I can hear you fine. It's just your screen keeps freezing up, but I can hear you fine.
April E: I see my expression.
Richelle Direny: How was everything. How is
April E: It that gets me
Richelle Direny: How's everything. How's
April E: Everything, everything
April E: Everything is
April E: Weird. This week I packed up
April E: I
April E: Fixed
April E: It.
April E: I saw
April E: And
April E: We went to date this weekend didn't fight.
Richelle Direny: Cool you endure.
April E: My boyfriend.
April E: Action somewhere.
April E: Around the house. Can you hear me.
Richelle Direny: I can hear you.
April E: Okay, but you. I'm going to move around the house.
Is normally
April E: Hear me
Richelle Direny: Can you hear, I mean,
Richelle Direny: I can hear you just go ahead and talk. Just go ahead and talk, you were breaking up a lot just
Now,
April E: Okay, how about now.
Richelle Direny: Yeah.
April E: I'm sitting down on the couch. Normally, this is where they can hear me. Yes, so
April E: Okay, can you hear me.
Richelle Direny: Perfect hear you.
April E: Okay, watch. Well, I was going to take myself off a video maybe, I don't know why he was going in and out.
April E: Never had that
April E: Very
April E: I got to see my sister.
April E: Me.
April E: Like
April E: Oh,
April E: Wow networking I last take care of live networking
Richelle Direny: Your Wi Fi is really bad. So, maybe not.
Richelle Direny: So we turn off your video and see if that helps.
Richelle Direny: Your Wi Fi keeps kicking you all
April E: Okay, how about that.
April E: Can you tie
Richelle Direny: Yes.
Richelle Direny: Me take my headsets out
Richelle Direny: That's fine, just go ahead and see, are you there alone. Are you in your usual spot.
April E: Yeah yeah yeah I'm here alone.
Richelle Direny: You're firing.
Okay.
April E: Okay, now you are frozen up but okay so I see my sister this weekend, my brother and I'm supposed to take a trip down there to see
April E: Try to find a job, see how things are going.
Richelle Direny: Well, can
April E: You still hear me.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, and where, where, where, where do they live in comparison to where you live.
April E: Cincinnati, Ohio.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
April E: I talked to Dr. About that and she said that that would be fine.
Richelle Direny: If it's Ohio. If it's all Cincinnati, Ohio, that will be fun because it's no it's in the state of Ohio.
April E: Oh, OK. OK.
April E: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: And I can continue to the state. I can continue to see you as well.
April E: Yeah, okay. Oh, that's, that's wonderful. And that's what I told them my
April E: Mind now so
April E: Have you ever heard that.
Richelle Direny: You said Cymbalta
Your
Richelle Direny: I can hear you. Can you hear me.
April E: Now, you're cut now.
I got
April E: A truck.
April E: Okay.
Richelle Direny: See going out to your truck and see if that's a little bit better.
April E: Whoa.
April E: It's bright out there.
April E: Okay, I have to get my keys and stuff.
April E: Nobody in here so
Richelle Direny: Frozen. Are you hearing me
April E: Your frozen, but I can hear you. I'm just walking around the house. I just wanted you to watch. They're seeing you all
April E: I'm trying to find my keys.
April E: I don't know if you like cats. Probably not, but we have so many cats.
Like kids.
April E: Okay, here.
April E: Can you hear me.
April E: Can you see me.
Richelle Direny: Okay. Can you hear me now.
April E: Yeah, I can hear you.
Richelle Direny: Okay, I just I just switched my, I think my internet was kind of acting up so I just switched over to a different connection.
April E: Okay, so I mean I
Richelle Direny: Yeah, I switched over to a different connection as well.
April E: Yeah, I'm watching my bars.
April E: And then match it's rainy here so
Richelle Direny: The weather is bad.
Richelle Direny: Yes, you're going, You're going up to your sister and Cincinnati and useful to the doctor and they said that that was fun, because it's in Ohio.
April E: He has
April E: Not
April E: stopped talking about my family.
April E: Has seen her yesterday and she put me on all
Richelle Direny: Symbol yes symbol. Isn't that for depression.
April E: Depression, anxiety, and all kinds of stuff. But it says, I don't like
April E: Can't if you make an antibiotic.
April E: Like back in like
Richelle Direny: Your reception is
Richelle Direny: Are you like where you live in Ohio. Is it, like, really, is it because of the weather.
Richelle Direny: Or do you live like I know
April E: I'm in a
April E: Part
Richelle Direny: You're I haven't had never had this many
Richelle Direny: I know because we usually have our sessions and you're inside and it's not bad at all.
April E: Right. But you're freezing up
Richelle Direny: I'm still freezing
Now,
April E: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Okay, I don't know. Let's see. Okay, let's try this.
April E: You move there you are, you're moving now.
Richelle Direny: Okay, I think maybe if I if I turn off my video. So let me see if that works.
April E: OK, I can hear you.
Richelle Direny: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: It's just that I'm freezing right where I'm not frozen anymore.
April E: Actually, I just heard your voice. Go in and out. So
April E: It could be the weather and up here. I got bars on my phone. So you should be hearing me and seeing me pretty good.
April E: See you now.
Richelle Direny: So even if we can't, we can't. The picture quality is not the greatest. I mean, I'm hearing everything that you're saying
Richelle Direny: Okay, I'm hearing everything. So what did he say about the Cymbalta
April E: Love me
April E: My first time on it because they've had me on depression pills before which mom says she's never been on any of them. She just said the relationship that I'm in
April E: Which is true. So, but I can't go get another please spend 1200 dollars.
April E: And then in a year's lease and decide to go live with my sister.
April E: And I mean,
April E: Sisters talking about take me
April E: Take me down there.
April E: And live in
Richelle Direny: Do you want to go live down there.
Richelle Direny: Can you hear me okay
Richelle Direny: Can you hear me, barely.
Richelle Direny: Now was asking.
Richelle Direny: Do you want to live there.
April E: It's time for me to make. I mean, I've made changes for the past three years for this.
April E: guy and he's the changes, but only for the worst. So it's time that I do a drastic change. And I had to figure out why do I keep getting fired from jobs. What am I doing wrong.
Richelle Direny: Well, what is it, okay. So for the last job that he just lost you weren't really sure what the reason was they didn't tell you right
April E: Off he called me back and said it was my job performance and me and the boss laughs because
April E: I am like one of the best workers only
April E: I
April E: Mean I think a lot. I do that but
April E: I have to keep moving. And I literally need to put on my resume, which they will hire me. But I don't work well with others or hire me with an older generation.
Richelle Direny: Because you can't put that on a resume.
April E: Well,
April E: I mean,
April E: I don't I this last job was this, this one, sir.
April E: And the young girls young. I mean, I'm talking maybe 20 3030 probably
April E: She just sent me
April E: And I guess she was one of the supervisors favorite on that line, because any other line. I didn't have any problems, but my boss told me to fight it because he said I'm a good worker. And this is a temp agency.
April E: That I've been working for for a long time.
Richelle Direny: And. But then, but then when you said that you keep getting fired from the job yeah this is through the same agency that you they've been sending you on different
April E: I know I've actually don't think I've gotten let go from them ever but due to this what's going on.
April E: I mean, I don't know.
April E: But I've gotten. I think I've been on an employment work.
April E: And I've worked out 15 years old.
April E: Jobs at a time.
April E: So,
April E: Your daughter is it
April E: You know, so I don't know.
April E: You know how some women get a certain age to where they get jealous of other women.
Richelle Direny: But then this is about. Remember we talked about this, the last time you said that you feel it's that because of the
Richelle Direny: Culture in which you work of the, the women in their age group, and you are a little bit older, you feel like the
Richelle Direny: You're being they're being picked over you or they're
April E: Like they are picking on yeah like
April E: I pick up a Briton this week via
April E: Phone or not even allowed to have a phone, you know,
April E: Travel so they look at me like I'm stupid.
Richelle Direny: So,
Richelle Direny: I think it's just kind of like okay for the last job, let's just go with the Nice job. How long were you there before they they
Determining
April E: I was there from yeah
April E: 31st 2000
April E: February 2
April E: So,
Richelle Direny: This is the last job.
April E: Yeah, that was FedEx
April E: Fast paced our promise.
April E: Unless I needed help, and it's come up and you have to move so fast on that job.
April E: Here you're kind of throwing you're throwing boxes, but you're pushing them to the world fans to the side about and everything like that and
April E: So, but I was by myself.
April E: Power, you know, on a bell, and I would mean splitter. I love the job, but it was a part time job.
Richelle Direny: Got You Got You Got terminated or did they just, um, what is it,
Richelle Direny: Later.
April E: Because
April E: That went to the doctor and I was feeling really weak and there's no way I could push 30,000 boxes that night. So I went to my doctor and she filled out
April E: A slip for me that she wanted me off for three to four days it was 22nd to the 25th and I talked to my operations manager every single night.
April E: He said, I would be okay just fine. Don't worry about it. I'M GLAD YOU KEEP IN TOUCH WITH ME, AND THEN JANUARY 31 she took me in the office and said, Well, I, bro. It didn't work. I couldn't fight for you. I said, really, he's like yeah and I hate to tell you that, but he's quit since then.
April E: And he was there for years, but I guess every six months, you can go back there and reapply
Richelle Direny: And this is a
April E: It's a FedEx, but understand it, like in January, February, you only get like 10 hours.
April E: You know, come Christmas time one year, you know, we was going over eight hours tonight.
April E: They hired so many people that
April E: You know, we didn't get nearly as much hours so I held on that job for days long as I could but I think it was because
April E: I was seeing mental health. Doctor, which had me on Adderall.
April E: I was more focused and
April E: I told him, I said, I only want this for my work, I don't want to throw anything else. So I'm not going to be taking all the time, only one more thing.
April E: And
April E: That seemed to help because my, I just can't.
April E: scatterbrained you know
Richelle Direny: But do you think that, do you think that you, um, because of maybe the medication that you're on and just kind of things that's going on with you medically make you you know if you're scattered green as you're saying maybe forgetful. Um,
Richelle Direny: Yeah, it's affecting the job.
April E: You know, it could be and
April E: That I mean that my thyroid that are a job. I take
April E: Is my memory is lot of memory loss there.
April E: And I don't know about the Savvy tech a thing.
April E: If that makes you lose your memory. But I'm on all the pills that makes you forget, I mean,
April E: My mom is kind of the same way.
April E: That I had problems in school, you know, comprehending or staying focused, things like that and
April E: Little
Richelle Direny: Where did you ever take medication for it.
Yeah.
April E: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: So, I mean, maybe that's what the thing. Maybe that's what it is, is that you and maybe it's getting evaluated.
Richelle Direny: And
April E: I need to go to the center here, but it takes months and months to get in.
April E: But, you know, me being
April E: Me, say, an addict. They don't like to be got me on Plata pen.
April E: Already and now she puts me on this symbol to which helps with anxiety and depression.
April E: And I'm scared to take. So I started it last night or this morning woke up at four o'clock I just took it and when I woke up, I was like real groggy
April E: But I'm
April E: That pill, they had me on a pan that's like
April E: On three a day.
April E: Cuz she won't put me on Xanax and the Klonopin last all day.
April E: It's time released. I don't need it all day.
April E: I only need it when I have
April E: When I need it. No.
Richelle Direny: Mm hmm. Let me ask you, what was your drug of choice.
April E: I don't think
April E: I was on 13 Percocet.
Richelle Direny: Percocet. So pills were always your drug of choice.
April E: Yeah, but they're going to
You know,
April E: That guy too expensive.
April E: So,
Richelle Direny: And how long
Richelle Direny: How long were you
Richelle Direny: In the Percocet.
Richelle Direny: For you.
Identified with me.
April E: I would say from 2009 to 2013
April E: And I got up to like 10 1015 perk 30 a day.
Richelle Direny: Wow.
Richelle Direny: And I'm a lot
Richelle Direny: And were you when you started taking them. What were you taking them for pain.
April E: I was only taking them because my husband was prescribed them.
April E: And we would go out drinking and I'd have a hangover. And it took away my hangover.
April E: That was that's when it started.
April E: In a
Richelle Direny: late dinner.
April E: Did what
Richelle Direny: Did the drinking become more and then
Richelle Direny: Became more
April E: Now, after I started taking 30s. There was no drinking
Richelle Direny: Okay.
April E: There isn't drinking this will not drink.
April E: I mean, I had one I wanted to last weekend.
April E: Because that's what he likes me to do go out by the fire, and I never go out there to drink.
April E: So I can't drink and I can't tolerate it. I can
April E: Drink because my son, you know,
April E: And my husband, he just went in.
April E: And whenever my son and drank all weekend long was in the hospital for two days. He's, he's a sick one
April E: So, I mean, you know, I'm married and have a boyfriend. Right.
Richelle Direny: I was just about
Richelle Direny: That I know that the person who are living with you didn't finish it was your boyfriend.
Richelle Direny: Your husband, so
So you're married, but
April E: We're not legally separate now we are best friends and
April E: He just now he just got social security disability because he has Crohn's disease.
April E: So yeah, I've lived with this guy for three years.
April E: So we've kind of me and my husband has kind of gone our separate ways. He lives at home, but he's had his girlfriend's I've had my boyfriend's, you know, but this is the one that has been
April E: I'm just hanging out. I'm faking it to make it your own.
April E: That's how you can say that because
We
Richelle Direny: Will do you live with.
April E: My boyfriend.
Richelle Direny: To where does your husband lives.
April E: With his mom.
Richelle Direny: Are you guys officially still together. No.
April E: We are we are legally married. But yeah, I just went over and picked him up. Yes, good day and take him to go see the ducks at the park, but I'm the guy that I live with knows that I do talk to him, but he doesn't like it.
April E: I mean, he's married to. So, but he don't ever see her so
April E: But
April E: This has been going on since
April E: 2012
April E: So,
April E: Me and my husband will always be friends.
Richelle Direny: Um,
April E: I mean, and
Richelle Direny: It seems like it seems like you're so I mean you have a lot going on. You have a lot going on. What are you, what are you do to leave to go so go buy your sisters
April E: Well, I haven't made that decision, because what I'm trying to do is the storage locker. So because he's he's bringing in the money right now the boyfriend is he's not working his regular job he's starting his own business. Okay, and
April E: He's getting an appointment. He's making more money and
April E: So I'm supposed to stay home and take care of this.
April E: This this living here.
And
April E: I'm not allowed to go anywhere sky stay on so
April E: I'm trying to find bridge by put my stuff in there and keep it safe because he keeps getting new stuff and he'll want to burn my stuff. Well, I always got to have an exit to everything I have to have an exit strategy, cuz
April E: I know how
April E: My stuff's gone so
April E: I got a bedroom outfit waiting on me over moms. I just need to get a storage, get my stuff in the storage and if it happens. I gotta stay in a hotel for a while. I got money backed up in the bank.
Richelle Direny: Say,
April E: Tell, but I don't put $12,000 down on a house or an apartment 1200
Well, you can
Richelle Direny: Say, with your sister.
April E: I can but that's in Cincinnati. That's, that's kind of four hours away.
Richelle Direny: But if you're gonna say, I can do that.
Richelle Direny: If you're going to go where she is to be able to generate some type of income.
April E: Yeah, that's what
April E: We talked about this past Sunday me and mom, I need to go down and try it now whatever has been is just this money that just came in and he says that one. You know, he wants to help me. Whatever. Well, you know, I just found out that I'm entitled after that money and I didn't know that.
April E: But
April E: I take it he does have some bills that he needs to pay that I've been paying on though, like the IRS. So, um, I just really want to find a storage.
April E: So my stuff is safe for now.
April E: I have room for it.
April E: And
April E: I can get my vehicle straight because I got some work to do on my vehicle so I can make it to Cincinnati.
April E: And go down if and see if Cincinnati is going to be, you know, I smoke cigarettes.
April E: There are no smoking.
April E: There's an Amazon job there that I'd like to go for
Richelle Direny: That why not apply for him to Amazon.
April E: Well,
April E: I don't have them.
April E: Ability to do it here.
April E: I have to go to Cincinnati, she said, it's in Lebanon Lebanon and it's right down the road, I would like to go work in the big warehouse and run around and orders. I think that would be awesome.
April E: But you know, I have six grandchildren, son.
April E: And I've been
Richelle Direny: That lives where you are right now and
This
Richelle Direny: All live where you are right now, do that.
Richelle Direny: I said, where you are right now. That's where they all live
April E: Yeah yeah
Richelle Direny: If you leave.
Richelle Direny: in Cincinnati. That will be a whole lot that you're walking away a whole lot of people you're walking away from you're leaving
April E: My son.
April E: Because
April E: He had alcoholic.
April E: Mother died of cirrhosis of the liver. So he
Richelle Direny: Drinks liver
April E: My dad.
Okay.
April E: It's raining.
April E: Here.
April E: There's just a lot of decisions that I have to make, which I
April E: Do, it's just
April E: Storage is appear
April E: Are crazy and, you know,
April E: I'm
April E: Speak
April E: So, you know, and How long am I going to be on this planet.
Richelle Direny: This is what I would recommend to temp agency.
Richelle Direny: This is what I would recommend April, because you have a lot going on and you got a lot like you're kind of focusing on
Richelle Direny: And it kind of taking you like in so many different directions and things to think about.
Richelle Direny: You're saying that there is, um, the Amazon in your area or you are is hiring. What I would suggest is that you can you follow that.
Richelle Direny: Instead of like kind of continuing on.
Into
Richelle Direny: You said it's in Cincinnati.
And
April E: He had that damage on it.
Richelle Direny: And that's the four hours away. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Is there anything else that you can
Richelle Direny: Identify and do while you're here in where you are because what part of Ohio. Are you in
April E: Mansfield, Ohio, and I think I've had three jobs a year.
April E: Including surrounding areas.
April E: So look for jobs at a time.
Richelle Direny: But I would recommend that you stay kind of focus on, you know, seeing him instead of an agency if there was something else, like is there like a local store like a Walmart or something like that you can apply and workout.
April E: I'm sure but I did retail and I loved. I was the manager of goodwill. I loved it.
April E: And
April E: I ended up getting fired to have no idea. I've never read I got unemployment from them because they find that they fire you for some reason you employment.
Richelle Direny: Yes.
Richelle Direny: Yes, that is true. Yeah, you need when you get terminated if there's not a reason or any kind of clause or it wasn't a reprimand or a write up prior for the same reason you can get unemployment.
April E: Rate.
April E: I know you know because it has been maybe since I've been on
April E: My savvy tech. I've been
April E: Job. I had it was the
April E: Say that again.
Richelle Direny: Good no good to continue what you were saying the last job that one.
April E: The last job, I had no
April E: It was fast from 2000 to 2007. That's the longest job I've ever had.
April E: Can I so
April E: Which was
April E: 1000 to 2007
April E: Worked in emergency room.
Richelle Direny: So the jobs that you've had.
Richelle Direny: Longevity in it.
Richelle Direny: Um, maybe trying those applying to that and seeing where you are and seeing if you can get a, you know, you get a job.
April E: Put that down.
April E: Why I smoke so no hospital around here hires you
April E: If you smoke.
April E: So you guys well quit smoking, well you know what I've added I quit everything else. And I don't have a desire to quit smoking ready bored to death.
April E: So,
April E: I had this dream is because I believe in pay to get a workout.
April E: There's a lot of things I gotta think about Rochelle and
April E: One of them is maybe I need to go see a back to the center like the center is a rehabilitation counseling, you know, and
April E: Still have
April E: The castle there never her, but she no longer works there, but it takes so long to get in there.
April E: But I'd be moving with my brother, which moved down to Cincinnati. He is a cop.
April E: And sister is
April E: Path.
April E: And, you know, they all got
April E: The drug a
Richelle Direny: Look like I said
Richelle Direny: I
Richelle Direny: There is just, there's just so much going on. And, um, you know, maybe when the next time that we meet, we can just sit down and kind of think about, like, kind of go over your work stream kind of and make a plan accordingly.
Richelle Direny: To see what jobs. Have you had the ones that that you've been on the longest kind of what what transpired. Because right now, you're feeling somewhat hopeless about getting jobs and losing them and not really knowing the reason why you're losing them.
Richelle Direny: And kind of
Richelle Direny: You know, kind of like picking that apart. Um, so let's when we need the next time. Let's Let's Let's like review back a little bit more in depth.
Richelle Direny: Because I think that that will give you a little bit of a little bit of hope as to understand what is it that you need to do to improve. Maybe you're employable.
Richelle Direny: For your abilities skills and or just being able to identify so you'll know what to work on for that next job that you go for and not feeling so defeated because of the people you work with.
April E: Yeah.
April E: That's it, yeah.
April E: Yeah, that sounds. I mean,
April E: I know I say more focus that I have my Adderall, but that it's a controlled substance and then I know my Xanax me. It helps me know girls are talking to me and I'm picking up a broom, you know, but those who controlled some
April E: And they don't you know and then I'm on the Savvy tech, which I need to get off to that if I was off, it would probably prescribed me. I know they would both of those, because that's what I need. But you can't get that stuff in Ohio. When you're on.
April E: Suboxone or whatever.
April E: So,
April E: Too many overdoses here in this town.
Richelle Direny: I mean, and do you think that a change of scenery will help will help you
April E: I think
April E: I think so. I mean, I am going to be. I did.
April E: Start getting clean was 2013 I like Tennessee.
April E: I miss Tom I miss my mom, you know,
April E: Um, but my mom would come to Cincinnati, for sure, but
April E: Yeah.
April E: Do you
Richelle Direny: Worry about higher truth. Do you see a psychiatrist.
No.
April E: That's what I mean. I need to go see one of them.
Richelle Direny: Okay. Would you be able to, would you be able to schedule a call your insurance to be able to schedule an appointment to see a psychiatrist.
April E: I need to call my insurance anyway because there's been a lot of mess up over the, over my insurance. So I need to call them anyway.
April E: I mean there's companies that go see my doctor. They believe any the dentist and I need a therapist or counselor or
April E: Whatever.
April E: Back wrapping
Richelle Direny: Paper, I think you're breaking up.
Richelle Direny: I think we were both
April E: Free. Okay.
Listen.
April E: Frozen.
Richelle Direny: Okay, I think we're breaking. So let me next. Look at my calendar to see what days do you go to group. April.
April E: Tuesday.
April E: You want to text me the information
Richelle Direny: Hold on.
April E: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Let's meet um
Richelle Direny: Are you is, are you able to meet earlier in the mornings, or no.
April E: I have a hard time on the bed to like four o'clock in the morning.
Richelle Direny: Okay, what
Richelle Direny: Are you
Richelle Direny: I have virtual clinic call you to reschedule your next available on my for my next available appointment. Okay.
April E: Oh, either that or you text me
April E: You can catch me
Richelle Direny: Okay. All right, then. I'll do that.
April E: When I mean if yes, I get up early. I normally I have but go ahead. Just get you said it. I'll do it.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
April E: Like a mud pit out here.
Richelle Direny: Let me review my times and then I'll send it to you. Okay.
April E: Okay, that'll work.
Richelle Direny: All right, be safe. Okay. April.
April E: Okay, you too. Thanks. I'll talk to you soon.
Richelle Direny: All right, no problem.